Why are you interested in this position?
I'm interested in the position of Graduate Developer, because I want to use and grow my knowledge and myself.
I worked in hospo for 17 years, I learnt a good amount of skills, but I felt like I wasn't learning more and had hit a wall.
I was challenged daily by the fact I was running and prepping for up to three kitchens, for the majority by myself, but I was lacking
new challenges to grow.
So starting reasonably fresh I have alot of room to grow, the sky's the limit and it's exciting


What do you know about our company?
Established in Wellington in 2001.
Intergen delivers business outcomes and provides IT solutions using Microsoft technologys in NZ, Aus and North America.
The staff works with organizations to improve things like productivity, streamlining and automating business processes,
and solutions with businesses of all sizes and industries.
Intergens culture defines and distinguishes you and is applied to everything from me to the client. The culture comes down to the people.
Some of the core values are unity, support, passion and openness.
Won microsoft partner awards since 07. And recently won some episerver awards in sydney

Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
I see myself with an even more solidified knowledge of coding. I'm wanting to be more confident with my skill set and to be growing even more,
through challenges and living life.
I'm hoping to have done more travel and had more experiences from life. Having a partner and a house would be a nice thought.

What is your ideal work environment?
My ideal work environment would be working somewhere with new opportunities, whether it's in life or learning. I'd love to work with others 
for collaboration as I haven't had much of a chance to do it. Sounds cliche but I like working hard and gives me satisfaction, makes me happy 
and prideful for the work i've done.

Describe your work ethic.
I'm highly self motivated to work efficiently and quickly. I learnt this from hospo and had to complete a huge amount of tasks with little help.
I'll work hard to get the task done.

Tell me about yourself.
